applications: Added OnOff Light Switch device to Matter bridge (#13380)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_bridge/README.rst

#. Complete the following steps depending on your configuration:

   .. tabs::

      .. group-tab:: Testing with simulated bridged light switch device

         a. Using the terminal emulator connected to the bridge, turn on the **LED 2** located on the bound light bulb device, by running the following :ref:`Matter CLI command <matter_bridge_cli>`:

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               uart:~$ matter_bridge onoff_switch 1 *<bridged_light_switch_endpoint_ID>*

         #. Using the terminal emulator connected to the bridge, turn off the **LED 2** located on the bound light bulb device, by running the following :ref:`Matter CLI command <matter_bridge_cli>`:

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               uart:~$ matter_bridge onoff_switch 0 *<bridged_light_switch_endpoint_ID>*

      .. group-tab:: Testing with Bluetooth LE bridged light switch device

         a. On the Peripheral LBS device, press **Button 1** to turn on the **LED 2** located on the bound light bulb device.

>          #. On the Peripheral LBS device, release **Button 1** to turn off the light again.

Author: Yes, I wanted to align to how the generic switch implemented by Marcin works, as it actually reflects the exact switch state and not discover signal edges.

>          #. On the Peripheral LBS device, release **Button 1** to turn off the light again.

Reviewer: Yes, the LBS is implemented as a momentary switch.

After building this and the :ref:`Matter Light Bulb <matter_light_bulb_sample>` samples, and programming them to the development kits, complete the following steps:

1. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal_ANSI|
#. If devices were not erased during the programming, press and hold **Button 1** on each device until the factory reset takes place.
#. Commission devices to the Matter network.
   See `Commissioning the device`_ for more information.
   During the commissioning process, write down the values for the bridge node ID and the light bulb node ID.
   These IDs are going to be used in the next steps (*<bridge_node_ID>* and *<light_bulb_node_ID>*, respectively).
#. Depending on the chosen bridged devices configuration, complete the steps in one of the following tabs:

   .. tabs::

      .. group-tab:: Testing with simulated bridged light switch device

         a. Using the terminal emulator connected to the bridge, run the following :ref:`Matter CLI command <matter_bridge_cli>` to add a new bridged device:

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

>                uart:~$ matter_bridge add *<device_type>*

Author: Right, I added 259 value, as it's the only one that is valid for this case.

            For example, if you want to add a new Bluetooth LE bridged device with index ``0``, use the following command:

            .. code-block:: console

               uart:~$ matter_bridge add 0

            The terminal output is similar to the following one:

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               I: Added device to dynamic endpoint 3 (index=0)
               I: Added device to dynamic endpoint 4 (index=1)
               I: Created 0x100 device type on the endpoint 3
               I: Created 0x103 device type on the endpoint 4

         #. Write down the value for the `0x103` bridged device dynamic endpoint ID.
            This is going to be used in the next steps (*<bridged_light_switch_endpoint_ID>*).

#. Use the :doc:`CHIP Tool <matter:chip_tool_guide>` ("Writing ACL to the ``accesscontrol`` cluster" section) to add proper ACL for the light bulb device.
   Use the following command, with *<bridge_node_ID>* and *<light_bulb_node_ID>* values from the previous step about commissioning:

   .. parsed-literal::
      :class: highlight

>       chip-tool accesscontrol write acl '[{"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 5, "authMode": 2, "subjects": [112233], "targets": null}, {"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 3, "authMode": 2, "subjects": [<bridge_node_ID>], "targets": [{"cluster": 6, "endpoint": 1, "deviceType": null}, {"cluster": 8, "endpoint": 1, "deviceType": null}]}]' <light_bulb_node_ID> 0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      chip-tool accesscontrol write acl '[{"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 5, "authMode": 2, "subjects": [112233], "targets": null}, {"fabricIndex": 1, "privilege": 3, "authMode": 2, "subjects": [*<bridge_node_ID>*], "targets": [{"cluster": 6, "endpoint": 1, "deviceType": null}, {"cluster": 8, "endpoint": 1, "deviceType": null}]}]' *<light_bulb_node_ID>* 0
```

> #. Write a binding table to the bridge to inform the device about all endpoints by running this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Write a binding table to the bridge to inform the device about all endpoints by running the following command:
```

   .. parsed-literal::
      :class: highlight

>       chip-tool binding write binding '[{"fabricIndex": 1, "node": <light_bulb_node_ID>, "endpoint": 1, "cluster": 6}]' <bridge_node_ID> <bridged_light_switch_endpoint_ID>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      chip-tool binding write binding '[{"fabricIndex": 1, "node": <light_bulb_node_ID>, "endpoint": 1, "cluster": 6}]' *<bridge_node_ID>* *<bridged_light_switch_endpoint_ID>*
```

> #. Depending on the chosen bridged devices configuration, complete the steps in one of the following tabs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. complete the following steps depending on your configuration:
```

   .. tabs::

      .. group-tab:: Testing with simulated bridged light switch device

>          a. Using the terminal emulator connected to the bridge, run the following :ref:`Matter CLI command <matter_bridge_cli>` to add a new bridged device:

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing this should be something else, since it doesn't match the instructions for the BLE side.

Author: Ah right, I must have made some copy+paste error. It's fixed.
